# Sportfeed DESIGN

# Branding Label
The very top of each page has the label "Sportfeed" which is coded as an HTML header.  The label is linked with an href to the homepage. Using CSS, the branding label is always in the top left and has a blue line dividing it from the rest of the site.  We hard coded all of the CSS ourselves, not using bootstrap or any other external web frameworks.

# Login Page
The first page users are taken to is the login page where users choose a name that will be their identity when chatting. Clicking the button label "Enter Sportfeed!"...

Below the login area is an "About Us" text area that gives a brief description of our Sportfeed website. We thought that adding the "About Us" helps users with no previous knowledge of our website to know some information about the site.

# Sport Scores Banner
Below the branding label is an area where the sport game scores are displayed in a ul list.  Each li item is a div container that formats the game information.  The list of sport game scores is dynamically created by scraping scores from https://www.scorespro.com.  The sport scores boxes displays sport name, progress of the match, the two teams, and the two teams' scores.  The red heart on each sport game box is a button that adds a row to the "Likes" table in the sqlite database.  Clicking the text link underneath the "Like" button (example of text is "Basketball – 1st Quarter") creates a chat room for discussion of that particular sporting event. If another user has already created a chat room for that particular event, then you will be taken to that chat room. The order of the sport game scores displayed is determined by the number of likes each user has on each sport.  Originally, we had the chat rooms created from these specific sporting events be listed in the main list of all chat rooms.  However, we decided that the specific chat rooms should only be accessed through sporting scores banner and not listed for a couple of main reasons.  First, as there are can over a hundred sporting events in a single day, having potentially a hundred chat rooms listed in the main list would make it extremely hard to find the room you are looking for.  Second, keeping the sport scores event chat rooms only accessible through the sport scores banner divides the chat rooms into two natural categories: chat rooms for specific games and chat rooms for broader discussion. Finally, the division of chat rooms into two sections keeps the interface clean as nothing is crowded and users are able to quickly navigate to the chat rooms they desire. The number of likes is queried from the sqlite database from the table "Likes."  We ordered the events based on total likes of each sport to display the sports the user is most likely trying to react to at the beginning of the banner so the user does not need to scroll. In our proposal, we had planned to have a different page for each sport to display game scores, but we shifted instead to the sport game scores banner of all scores that is at the top of every page (homepage and each chat room).  We experimented with having various pages for each sport, but after some personal user testing, we decided that the banner was better than separate sport pages because the website is meant for discussion to all sports, which can be talked about together.  The omnipresent sport scores banner also allows the user to see continually updating stream of events displayed in every chat room.


# Chatroom
For each game and for any other event or news that people might want to chat about, there is or can be a chatroom. A chatroom is created anytime people want for each sporting event, as described above, by inserting the name into a SQL database. Furthermore, if there is any event or piece of news or anything that people want to talk about, users can create their own chatroom, which will be listed below, again as described above. This is done through creating a new room in the database. Inside each chatroom, if a user types a message and sends it, 

# Copyright © 2017 Matty Cheng & Clara Duffy
